::Intro > 8 bit / string Sloaks::
A red sun hangs low in the sky, echoing of Dying earth. You are sitting on the Front Porch, wrinkled brain pumping under your wrinkled brow. You are lost in reverie, floating memories of the days you've left behind. The wind carries a melody over the ocean of time personified as the lake your cabin faces in the sparkle of a wind chime. It tugs on you like an insistent child on your hand when you've paused like this before, so many half remembered times through a carnival, or a wooded path, or a wedding. The sun falls into the lake and the temperature fall pleasantly after the heat of the day. 

> Continue sitting and let the reverie carry you. > :>Sloaks 1:>
> You've been sitting too long, the day was too hot. Go inside. > :>Heat of the Day 2:>
> Clean your beers off the front porch and walk to the lake > :>Front Porch 3:>

			
									 ____
									/	 |
								   /_ 	 |
								   	 |	 |
								   	 |	 |
								   	 |	 |
								   __|	 |__
								  |_________|

::Sloaks 1::
The wind chimes chortle to themselves in their tinny tamber, and like a crystal, carry you out over the sea to the estuary, then the bayou. The climate was just starting to rebel, and the revels still stormed the streets every February. Funny, how much you feared February, but how immediately you hermited back into it. Those years of Mardi Gras tradition, the street corner jam bands and flitting alleyways, still leave a mark on your heart. Here, now, you cross paths with so few people, but there, in New Orleans, the talking and laughing came so easy. Now those memories are just the rise and fall of voices, directional and stripped of meaning. Your body was a tumult of conflicting chemical signals. Desparate, alive, and more awake than a rushing rhino, you covered miles, processing booze and drugs, always seeking a home in someone else, or rather some body of else's. You didn't expect to remember it, but nights from that time still crystalize in your mind. Unaided by implants, your brain still conjurs up Ericka and Rob and their students, integrated into the marching band stoplights, so natural in their adopted city. And you, the outsider, saw the party through their eyes. Men and women dressed and robes mingled with the spirits of Februaries past, glistening in the Southern High Oaks. You were drunk, high, and sorting it out.
> Remember your travels > :>Sold 1.1:>
> Remember your hangovers > :>After the Heat 1.2:>
> Remember your ghosts > :>Vespers 1.3:>

::SOLD 1.1::
Back before it became so common place, before getting to the other side of the planet wasn't an afternoon excursion, and Mars a long weekend... no, back when newness had its own merit, when exploration still meant something to your young body and mind, 21 years pouring out of your head, you thought you only had 45 left and the newness of place sustained you. You are approaching the end of those 45, and you've been a busy bee: most of America in a dilapidated van, most of Europe on couches and favors called in. The companions shift and blur together, but the freedom still sings its swan song to you.
> You are free as a bird > :>Birds 1.1.1:>
> You have never been free > :>Gravel 1.1.2:>
> No, you were free, once > :>DOS 1.1.3:>

::Birds 1.1.1::
So ironic that it was praying to the computer gods that first got you acquainted with New Orleans, and the free spirit of Ellen that kept you there. She, so ignorant to the history of the place, navigated its dives and dungeons with a confidence and aloofness that still makes you smile. How could someone so free become so tethered? How could she fall for those old men's tricks: the illusion of fenced in yard, the safety of a three bedroom home, the slack in an ankle chain? In those days, you found your home away from home, and when she became imprisoned by the plastic veneer of security, you kept coming back, loosening your bonds to industry and holding your own flag. Those days were utter freedom, sleepless nights and early morning vomit, the fastidiousness of warm bodies and loose stockings, and you two were deverishes whirling across the desert.
> Should you have stayed locked yourself in? > :>Front Porch 1.1.1.1:>
> Did you make the right choice? > :>Dos 1.1.1.2:>

::Front Porch 1.1.1.1::
There was no way you could have stayed. You will live our your days in opposition to the curtain that has fallen. In the misery following the line you drew in the sand, you knew expression was the only hope humanity had. Automation was well along its unwavering march to autotomaton efficiency. You backed out and fell in with a troubadour band of miscreants. You refused age for as long as your body could support itself on that lifestyle. Doesn't matter how beautiful she looked any of those nights. The bottle's taste, a disaster you don't want, so the long road, the band of refusers.
> Remember how long it lasted > :>DOS 1.1.1.1.1:>
> Shake yourself out of it. Go drink some water. > :>After the Heat 1.1.1.1.2:>

::DOS 1.1.1.1.1::
A year after tour, summer is back again. You are crushed by the realization that these are indeed your formative years and you're already spending days trying to recapture feelings of comradarie that have passed. You're a year too old to party like you used to (oh how your bones will really creak in the future, how they will inhale the cold of the day and remind you of cracked crystal). Rachel's eyes, by pattern either so warm and comprehensive or blurred and focused on a far off space, are closed. The day was spent in the sun, getting to know new and old friends in a sun kissed backyard. The undoing of the world looms like winter in the occasional gust of wind carrying through the backyard. The rest of the world fell into its crystal cave, and you're still here, staying up and keeping watch, looking for the funny way to say that it's nothing but another day. That cruel joke...
> The punchline? > :>Vespers 1.1.1.1.1.1 :>
> The joke? > :>Cassini 1.1.1.1.1.2:>

::Vespers 1.1.1.1.1.1::
It's always another day until it's not. No tethering to the land, to youth, to hope, changes that. This long life, flirting with the punchline, has had its rewards. You still find ways to laugh, even when you hack up a lung when you do. You remember Tyler, your boyhood best friend, the puddle behind his house where you used to catch frogs. His father, younger than you are now, but so terrifying in his white briefs watching Walker Texas Ranger with a shotgun over his distended belly. You were 8 when you left the sleepy town on your long approach to the city. His mother, not a day older than when she last cooked you TV dinners, after the accient, a year after he as put in the ground. She spoke of him like he was still there, but his father's bearded face and dead eyes conveyed none of the same hope. Behind his oxygen mask (funny how you never remember him smoking, but the flower pot full of butts, feels familiar as you approach the door). Funny how much you look like him now, with yoru vaporizer asthma pen that you keep in your shirt pocket, your beard unbridled and challenging the hair removal of the youth. The stark contrast of his family's acres replaced by pits of gravel when they lost the means to keep the green green were such a potent metaphor. It is what death feels like to you. You are at Tyler's childhood home, a year late to the wake, giving condolences however you can.
> Walk the grounds of Tyler's home, without him > :>Gravel Pit 1.1.1.1.1.1.1:>
> Walk the grounds of Tyler's home, with him > :>Cassini 1.1.1.1.1.1.2:>

::Gravel Pit 1.1.1.1.1.1.1::
You offer your last condolences and hug to his parents. They are happy to have seen you, you think. You ask if you can walk  the woods where the two of you used to play. You are seeking a yellow bus, overgrown with underbrush. You step through the quarry that have taken over most of the land and push your way through the path that you cannot believe you still remember. You feel a strange pull in your heart, both light and heavy. Like you got away from something dark that you both stared into together. If you can just find the bus, you'll be able to release all of this pent up fury at missing his last call, at not understanding what he meant when he found you on the internet in its infancy, begging for conversation. You follow the path, but like the yard, the clearing where the abandoned bus used to rest is empty.
> Drive back to the city > :>After the heat 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1:>
> Get up off the front porch > :>Cassini 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.2:>
> Go get a drink > :>Poly 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.3:>

::After the heat 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1::
The long miles pass beneath the wheels of your gas powered car. You force yourself into a parking lot that is too small and step into your apartment that is equally so. Kids on the corner are leaning up against warehouse brick. The secrets beat against their sins. You are sure they are mourning their own losses, cuts much fresher than your own. You are fortunate: even in your youth you can blend in and out of crowds and groups without much thought.
> Settle in for a drink > :>Poly Sci 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1:>
> YOu gave up drinking long ago > :>Poly Sci 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1:>

::Poly Sci 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1::
Now the truth is known. There are no stories not told. Your biometrics are read by an AI and pills are piped in to your home, no matter how far away you are. Your kids make fun of you for complaining about the incursion, about your legacy as the last the analog generation. They might be able to recall every memory with precision, but they'll never know the rush of letting each memory pop and explode. Choices mattered to the individual, once. Your choices drove her away, then drove her back to you. Rachel crawls out of bed and comes to check on you. Baby, what are you doing? Nothing, you say, kissing her cheek, like you have so many thousands of times. Just watching the stars come out.
> ... > :>Cassini 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1:>

::Cassini 1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1::
The lake frogs begin their mating songand the satellites mix in with the stars. You hold her hand and wait for another night to come, ignoring the patches of pollution from the south, burning holes through the ozone. This life you've built together, even as the rest of humanity marches on, takes its own breath, takes its own time. You'll never get bored of this view as the lights flicker on.

::After the Heat 1.2::
You raise creaky bones off of your chair, and in the rush of blood to your head and down your cracked legs, some of the light goes out of the sunset-lit lake vista. There is a dry hum of machinery mixed in with the calls of the frogs and buzz of insects. Even 40 years later, you can't move between rooms without looking over your shoulder for the bomb to take the horizon or the city to dump throngs on your doorstep. You weren't part of the problem, so you left the city to sink itself. 40 years later and somehow the grand experiment continues. It will pass on without you.
:> Gravel Pit 1.2.1:> 
> Wiping a bead of sweat off your forehead, you go inside > :>DOS 1.2.2:>

::DOS 1.2.2::
She's fast asleep on the couch, color filtering in through the cabin windows. Wrinkled cheeks hold the glow, and she is the same girl you fell in love with 40 years ago. Life together has been bumpy. When you were young, you made it bumpy. As age and experience came, you learned that life makes its own bumps. By 50 you's finally learned the ride, and steadiness. Those early days, binging on Klonopin and booze until you vomited, rolling out of bed and doing it again. You took turns watching and leading, cleaning and preening. You still stay up watching her, but you've learned to just shut up. There's comedy in everything. You still want to kill her sometimes.
> Let her sleep > :>SOLD 1.2.2.1:>
> Wake her up > :>Front Porch 1.2.2.2:>
> Kill her > :>Gravel Pit 1.2.2.3:>

::SOLD 1.2.2.1::
You watch the light change for a few more minutes before keying in dinner on the display pad hidden next to the fire place. You order the chore robots in sequence: silent vaccuum first, laminate spray on the counter tops, wood shine. The wood shine will finish with dinner, and she'll wake up to the smell of fresh pine and warm food. The chorebots move with silent efficiency. You could die in this room and no trace of skin or DNA would be left over. This life is simple, but full of agency. You've accomplished more than half the goals you set in the early twenties, and even a dozen more. But the ritual is what's important. You would not still be here if you and she hadn't learn to embrace the ritual. Watching each other die young lost its appeal quickly. Quickly, over the years, the tasks that gave structure to older generations were taken over by computers. Without the ritual, you would languish, hooked up 12 hours a day to a monitor pumping you full of twitch signals to buy more useless colors to shine deeper in your eyes. The cabin has minimal aid, and peace. You are free to let your mind wander while the chores complete themselves.
> Wander down to the pond > :>Cassini 1.2.2.1.1:>
> Check the newsfeed > :>Gravel Pit 1.2.2.1.2:>

::Cassini 1.2.2.1.1::
You turn back outside and walk the beaten path to the lake. Jets are crisscrossing above with their quiet roar, undermining the call of the wildlife. A preserved area, with minimal human intrusion, here. You chuckle to yourself as your gaze moves upward, and slackjawed as a teenager, watch the stars and satellites blink into view. The three columns of light pollution to the south are to your back. You wonder for a moment what comes after this loose stack of moments you've accumulated over your life, whether there is some final tallying of the amount of life you put into the game. Then you let that thought fall, and you rise, reaching out to the timber, to the pond, to the sound of the frogs in their neverending mating dance. Your species has risen so far in such a relatively short time, somehow undoing all the sins of your parents generation.
> Investigate the frogs > :>Vesper 1.2.2.1.1.1:>
> > :>Polysci 1.2.2.1.1.2:>

::Vesper 1.2.2.1.1.1::
You wander down to the pond, keeping a sharp eye out for frogs peeking out of the water in the shallows. You are reminded of being 8 years old, and suddenly you are again. You and Tyler will live forever, as well as you know, and you are masters of the puddle. Each summer, hours are spent lying in perfect stillness, waiting for a frog's head to break the surface; then the soft stalk, the poise, and the sudden rush to grab. You keep your captured prey in a bucket near the edge of the water, and each summer, your prise, the 8 inch bull frog, gets caught at least once. These summers are imprinted in you, and you can't say why they always play so vividly. And the one day when his dog got into the bucket, undermining your altruism, emerging with the bullfrog dangling from its jaws. You both run over and you've never wished to hurt an animal before. Your days catch hop with moblike intensity back to the pond, even the bloodied bull frog. Summers past this one, you'll find her/him floating with a scarred eye, and the guilt of your failures stays your hand. Tyler died young in a haze of drug recovery and Lovecraftian horrors, a dogs jaw that pulled him up and away. You didn't make it quickly enough to pull the jaws apart, leading him back to the pond.
:> Front Porch 1.2.2.1.1.1.1:>
:> Gravel Pit 1.2.2.1.1.1.2:>

::Front Porch 1.2.2.1.1.1.1::
Time passed, and looking back it was a blink of an eye, a fork in the path that means everything to your current state. Loss and failure seeped into yoru cubicle, freely passing your data to the miners with every refresh. You languished, fell in and out of a petty love, but the ghost of your dead or lost friends followed you down every alleyway. You swore away from Boston and sank into your cushioned office chair. Until you realized that freedom trumped security. You turned in your notice and took to the road, stopping where you could to ply your trade. Soon your wights cheered you on, lauding your free expression escape compared to the drug den escape they had found. The office still loomed, and the love you'd left behind peering out at you like Rapunzel with binoculars. Eyes to the road, you flipped the bird and held your priveleges tight. They languished and were trapped in the tower. None of them escaped the city, while here you are, enjoying the freedom of open air. And somehow, she stayed with you all those years. She wakes up when you brush her hair back and you are grateful for the moments you've had together.
> ... > :>Poly Sci 1.2.2.1.1.1.1:>

::Poly Sci 1.2.2.1.1.1.1::
Transitions aren't easy. The blustery wind of freedom knocked you into too many bar basements. You adjusted, solace in the inevitability of everything. Blowing a goodbye to the old life, you embraced freedom while the rest of the world shackled itself. Your companion, still asleep on the couch, pulled you down from the pulpit to your knees. There you stayed, letting the years wash over you, middle fingers held up to the buses carting people to their cubes.
> ... > :>Gravel 1.2.2.1.1.1.1:>

::Gravel 1.2.2.1.1.1.1::
..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
> ... > :>Birds 1.2.2.1.1.1.1:>

::Birds 1.2.2.1.1.1.1::
Baby, dinner's done. It smells great in here. The gang's all here. The satellites beam down on you and you smile to yourself, giving them the finger. The city is far behind you, you gave nothing up but your anxieties. How many more days like this? Probably, the answer doesn't matter. You are free to head inside, eat your meal, maybe make love, and see tomorrow.


::Gravel Pit 1.2.2.1.1.1.2::
Too many friends, cut down too soon. You always dreamed you would be among them, before resetting your life and seeking simplicity. If they just could have hung on a little longer for the improvements to medical technology that keep you alive: the nanobots, the smart bacteria, the organ chia pets. In your minds eye, you walk through the huge piles of gravel, analogs for graves of the friends who didn't make it to 40 and missed out on the advancements.

::Vespers 1.3::
Melody over the sea, before New Orleans, New York, all the coastal towns were lost. The US body fell apart, leaving such a mess for the next generations to inherit. Those festivals, steeped in the tradition of feast and famine, life and death, a rebuttal to the ravages of time. They were a pole stuck into the ground, defying weather to tear it down. But time wins, always. The chimes sing their time song. A wind is coming up over the lake and you shiver. How did you get so old when so many others didn't make it? And weren't we promised robots and AI by the old truth singers? Not more fascism and a new world of underground railroads. The verdant fields are just gravel pits. This place, the place you wish to die in, is one of last hold outs to the waves buoyed by methane and carbon emissions, the same wave of apathy that gave way to a police state. You shake your head. Out of the corner of your eye, you see movement.
> It's nothing. Settle in for another night. > :>After the Heat 1.3.1:>
> Investigate your Front Porch > :>Front Porch 1.3.2:>

::Front Porch 1.3.2::
You rise from your chair, creakily, and walk to the edge of your porch. There is another flash of something flitting around the house, about the size of a rabbit. You pull down a shotgun and move carefully around the corner of the house. The chimes sound again, but they grate your nerves this time. Turning the corner, another flash, then the sound of your back door slamming. You run as quickly as your locked knees carry you and try the door. It's locked. You feel in your pockets but you left your keys inside. You try a window, it's also locked. You peer into the main room but see no one.
> Break the window, climb inside. > :>Gravel Pit 1.3.2.1:>
> Continue looking. > :>SOLD 1.3.2.2:>

::Gravel Pit 1.3.2.1::
You smash the window with the butt of your shotgun, sweeping the broken glass away. Still, heaving your old meat through the window, you manage to slice a huge gash into your arm. You curse under your breath and call out a warning to whoever is in. You hear a sound from the liquor cabinet and turn to see an impish creature tossing a bottle of good rye. The bottle is almost the same size as the creature. How could it have swallowed so much? Where could the liquid even go? The creature smacks its lips and puts the bottle down before noticing you, and yips loudly in surprise. Before you can act, it throws the bottle straight at your head, knocking you down and out.
> ... > 

::SOLD 1.3.2.2::
You keep your eyes peeled to the window, jumping at shadows. You notice movement again near the kitchen unit. To your amazement, a tiny green imp stumbles from around your counter holding a bottle of rye nearly as big as yourself to its mouth. Half of the rye is gone and you feel a flush of anger. Another creature, this one pink comes running down the stairs tossing clothes as it does. Another, blue, appears to be eating through one of your couch cushions. They meet in the middle of the big room passing the bottle back and forth and making horrific gestures. You're supposed to be starting dinner on. This is ridiculous. In your frustration, you drop the gun, which slams against the wall.
> Rap on the window > :>Cassini 1.3.2.2.1:>
> Move away from the window and hide > :>Dos 1.3.2.2.2

::DOS 1.3.2.2.2::
You snap your head away from the window, and not a moment to soon. The imps' heads were twisting uncannily to look at the source of the noise. What is even happening?

								 ____
								/ 	 \
							   /_ _   \
							   	 /    /
							   	/    /  
							   | 	  |
							   |______|



::After the Heat 2::
It's been an hour already since you finished your garden work. The day is still and hot and you simply don't have the energy you used to. The big thoughts of youth have all been thought and catalogued. You can't think of what you could get out of another phone call to another kid. It was a good morning but by night the world weight coats your skin like a film. You are sluggish, and by rote, you enter your cabin through the back door.

> ... > :>Gravel Pit 2:>

::Gravel Pit 2::
You wash a dish, a fork, a knife. You start dinner. You set the chorebot to its task and put on a backround meditation. The sunlight flits in through the open window, broken occasionally by birds rising and falling in the dying day. You go about your tasks with practiced precision. You've grown accustomed to this path and your hands and feet move with experience. Your head is still abuzz with half remembered tones of the voices of the people you knew, the words forgotten, the tones coagulated into an rotating orb of noise that rattles around in your old brain. Life isn't too exciting anymore, a steady march towards an end you won't know. You live in comfort, but that's it. 

> ... > :>Birds 2:>

::Birds 2::
A bell rings, your food is done. You take it out of the dispenser and set it to table. You eat in silence, eyes falling on the shelf of work awards you collected in your 30 years laboring in the city. Each is jauntily cut from glass to look like crystal, boasting accolades like "Team Leader" and "Highest Seller." Retired now, you have no connection to the achievements that earned you these plaques. You droned through work the way you drone through retirement. The food loses taste in your mouth as the catalog of little injustices opens itself in front of your mouth. Your old back, stooped in the shoulders, head hanging just inches from the table. You had a choice once, to be free, but the security of petty achievements in a cubicle guaranteed food and shelter. You turned down the tour, the bird in your head  throwing itself against its cage bars, but the bars held. The bird was a barometer; you learned to perpetually ignore any impulses that flared when its wings flapped. You rose to senior Vice President of a respected firm, stored a nest egg, and retired here, alone. Looking at the awards, you feel the bird flapping against you.
> Polish the awards > :>Vespers 2.1:>
> Listen to the bird > :>DOS 2.2:>

::DOS 2.2::
The realization that you have earned none of these awards overwhelms you. A life time of taking the safe path smashes like the glass of the cheap plaques as they shatter on your faux laminate wood floors. The sound of smashing resonates through the cabin, mixed with the melody of your barbarian scream. The thousands of hours devoted to raising less deserving people hire on a pyramid release their energy. Nothing in the cabin is safe. You think of your friends from your twenties, who all decided to eschew safety and follow their dreams, and the ambivalence of pride and self-pity at their televized successes stacked on. You are tired of sitting on a meaningless plot of land, reviewing your meaningless achievements, stewing in your redundancy while people born into a less fortunate tube of the system languish. It's never too late to change your path. You pull up global search and book a ticket for New New Orleans.
> ... > :>SOLD 2.2:>

::SOLD 2.2::
Your flight leaves in 3 hours. You'll land in your new life by 10:00 tonight. You key in for a robot car to pick you up and quickly stuff a rucksack with seasonally appropriate clothes. You climb into the attic, almost losing your footing on the ladder and dig through 40 years of accumulated nothing to the very back corner of the attic. There it is, untouched for years, your old acoustic guitar. You open its case and painfully make a chord shape. The instrument rings our a pure tone, years falling away from you. You don't know how much time you have left, but you will turn as many stones as you can get your hands on before the cold seeps in. Headlights shine in through your front windows and the whole house beeps a welcome. You sling your sack, put the guitar back in its case. You leave the front door open.
> Get in the cab and fly to New New Orleans > :>SLOAKS 2.2:>

::SLOAKS 2.2::
More than a year passes and it's another Mardi Gras. You find yourself in a quiet moment walking along a still green pathway under southern live oaks, the drugs humming in your head. A year of stronger experiences than the accumulation of 40 years in a cubicle and already you don't recognize yourself. The city may have relocated, but the spirit is the same as you remembered when you were 18. Even the police state couldn't beat Mardi Gras. You are aleady an experienced reveller. You pass one of your locals and see Carly in a plumed two piece blowing smoke into the face of a tourist, screaming at him about something meaningless. It was so easy to fall in with the good people; all it took was accepting who you are, a musician through and through. You are preparing to go on tour next week, the tour you always promised yourself when you were in your twenties. In the meantime, amidst the crazy rotation of the world, you are walking alone, feeling the happy flutter of wings through your whole body, not just that one hole in your heart. Even addled by drugs and alcohol, your memory has never been better. Never have you felt more alive. Your vision is occluded by an unknown call.
> Answer the call > :>Front Porch 2.2.1:>
> Ignore the call > :>Vesper 2.2.2:>

::Vesper 2.2.2::
You signal for your vision to clear and abandon your walk, hitting your local. Connie squeels and embraces you, before calling on you to teach the tourist a lesson. You gladly oblige to a brawl and are caught up in the whirlwind of Mardi Gras again. The week passes turbently and more than once you wake up in a ditch with strangers picking at you. You turned off your biometrics the day you moved here. You party so hard you miss the first show. You are informed that the tour has been cancelled, which is no big matter. You keep drinking, keep partying until you run out of money and then run on credit. You are visited at night by the type of old man you don't see anymore, one hooked up to an oxygen mask waiting for the end. He can't be any older than you, but feels so much older. You speak but can't remember what he says in the mornings. You ache in a way you never knew you could, a dull pulse coming from your liver.
> Go see a doctor > :>Poly Sci 2.2.2.1:>
> You're not seeing any more doctors, it's a waste of time might as well let it grow in you. > :>

::Cassini 2.2.2.2::
Within a month, your liver fails. They pump your stomach, thinking it's just simple alcohol poisoning, and keep you in the hospital for a week. Even with a national provider plan, the bills are too expensive for you to keep up with. Your new friends, mostly so much younger than you, come around less and less. There's not much to fun to be had with a 66 year old with liver problems. You aren't bothered by it. You've done more living in the past 18 months than the entirety of your career. The body is a vessel and your mind is awake. When you fall into sleep under a valium haze, you fly through the atmosphere, a parcel of light dancing with other parcels of light to eternity. You don't even notice the moment your body finally gives up. In that moment of weightlessness, you see the totality of your choices, a sweeping path echoing back to the moment you first rolled screaming into this world.
> ... > :>Front Porch 2.2.2.2:>

::Front Porch 2.2.2.2::
You are 25 years old and sitting on the Front Porch of your cabin. 

								 ____
								/ 	 \
							   /_ _   \
							   	 /    /
							   	_\_   \
							   \ 	  /
							    \____/

::Front Porch 3::
You are 26 again and your bones melt back into pliance, strength. You have taken over colin and Pete's porch. (what are they doing these days? You should probably check up on them) Beer cans and 711 cups are scattered agains thin wooden boards. Many of the cans sport squished brown butts peeking out of their mouths. Sean and Andrew finish a shirtless wrestling match. Half the gang is going to get gas and you get a moment alone on your first tour. How did you get back to Boston? You swore you'd never be coming back here, not after Ellen. At 26 you can't imagine the depth of grit that can cake onto something, the sheer number of times you can paint over the same wall with new color. At 26, even after beating cancer the first time, your body simply doesn't break. You can sleep on floors, you can watch Crispy pump an air mattress with a bike pump, you can drink 100 beers and still scream your lungs out to the deity of punk rock. At 26, Ellen still casts a Caesar's bestridden shadow over the thin, twisting Boston alley ways. That shadow is cut from the last intimate moment the two of you shared: her in a black dress, rouged, coquettish femme, turning around periodically to flash that smile made of engineer's schematics and tarot card readings. She won: your consolation prize a trash heap of shot sets and late nights, mind versus body in a titan's tumble of sleep seeking and distraction builds. You remember she won't decline for those type of guys and promised to avoid those rebel streets. Yet here you are, with a new crew and a new worldview. You'll be with Rachel for a long time, the polar opposite of Ellen, a tapestry with different secrets hidden behind it.

> Go find Rachel > :>Dos 3.1:>
> Reflect on loss and reclamation >  :>Vesper 3.2:>
> Think more about Ellen> :>Birds 3.3:>

::Dos 3.1::
A year after tour, summer is back again. You are crushed by the realization that these are indeed your formative years and you're already spending days trying to recapture feelings of comradarie that have passed. You're a year too old to party like you used to (oh how your bones will really creak in the future, how they will inhale the cold of the day and remind you of cracked crystal). Rachel's eyes, by pattern either so warm and comprehensive or blurred and focused on a far off space, are closed. The day was spent in the sun, getting to know new and old friends in a sun kissed backyard. The undoing of the world looms like winter in the occasional gust of wind carrying through the backyard. You've spent the day peppering everyone around you and in this moment, know you will recreate 21 and stay up until sunrise. She sleeps it off after two incredible rallies. The memory of burning settles into your still strong arms; most of everyone you know is still alive. You are surrounded by city, and nameless others have lived out the same last chance day in the sun that you have. The sun is setting and you know you will remember the orange cut of atmosphere settling into peaceful night, even here in the third most crowded city on earth, long into your reclusive future.

> Wait for the heat to dissipate across Bushwick > :>Heat of the Day 3.1.1:>
> Marvel at new beginnings > :>SOLD 3.1.2:>
> Remember your last trip to New Orleans, and realizing how in love you are > :>Sloaks 3.1.3:>

::3.1.3 Sloaks::
You could have settled somewhere that never got cold, a place where once you thought you could never be alone. You can't believe you were ever so destroyed by February, but New Orleans breathed life into the month that seemed devoted to destoying you. It was a city built on the slime of fry grease and alternating currents of slavery and freedom, back and forth on the whims of time. There is so much you've forgotten, but that first long walk through the Southern Lives Oaks after a carnival, when you realized truly, you could feel at home anywhere. Your memory will not remain consistent, but the echoes of what you've felt, those opaque moments that become photographs of memory, and the people who sang those songs back to you, they will return again and again. You get snagged by cultural history and memory, and where do those two meet? They diverge like paths through a park in New Orleans, where you can easily pretend to be a local, seeped in tradtion. Someone on the path stops me to say that I look well, and I say that I'm melody and I'm carried over the sea. Rachel's at home but she feels like she's sitting right next to you, in New Hampshire and in New Orleans. You are not lost. You have a cigarette in mouth, a phone in your pocket. You've been here before and have a dim recollection. It's still Mardi Gras and the city takes care of itself. There's a path in front of you and you can easily follow. 

> Cough. You are old and the cigarettes have finally caught up to you. > :>Vesper 3.1.3.1 >
> The party ended long ago for you, just like Mardi Gras will end in your memory. Tomorrow the city workers will push broom dozens of tons of plastic to a landfill. > :>After the Heat 3.1.3.2 :>

::After the Heat 3.1.3.2::
You remember watching those people loping after the floats and Erica's statistics about the tonnage that follows the floats. She is still clutching the shoe that she fought so hard for in the crowd. The crowd thins out and teens eye police on horseback, reticent. When the horses lope off they engage in a street fight in the abandoned lot under the overpass. Their yelps and rustles echo beneath the overpass, framed against the way the marching band's horns bounced off the concrete during the parade. The memory settles, like the shape of the city settled while the youths prepared for their disturbances in Brooklyn, the same as New Orleans. It's always been that way. You raise yourself creekily off of the rocking chair and head inside to your cluttered cabin. Beer cans jumbled in the bin, a bottle of rye on your counter: the vices of your dad, but in your experience the best chance you'll ever have to find sleep. You think of tidying up but lay on the couch. Strange, how even in this reclusive parcel of woods, you still think of the people you knew in cities across the world, the languages you overheard and never understood. You settle in, waiting.

> Settle in, Decay > :>Vesper 3.1.3.2.1:>
> Settle, in Decay > :>Cassini 3.1.3.2.2:>
> Settle in Decay > :>Poly 3.1.3.2.3:>

::Vesper 3.1.3.2.1::
Your eyelids flicker, then close.

::Cassini 3.1.3.2.2::
Your eyelids flicker, then close. As you've aged, you've grown dull as an old tube computer, but certain maxims and equations have plasticized in your brain. Certain phenomena still excite you, like a passing satellite in between advertisements reflecting against your eyes. You dream of being an astral body. So much more has been discovered and in your dreams the discoveries come one after another like pieces of sand through a sieve. You are the astral body, plummeting through the atmosphere of Saturn, countless near misses with meteors in the ring's orbit. The heat rises around your metal frame, gears and screws and transmitters reaching their melting point. Layer after layer of alien atmosphere envelops you. You are the enquiring eye of humanity's curiosity. You are alone but you are everyone. You knew you could be that eye when you were young and in your dream you are outside of time. You crash onto the surface displacing alien dust. A solitary flag rises from your frame, a divining rod for all of Earth. Around you cities grow, then plants in a matter of teraoforming seconds, then atmosphere, and a bustling ecology grows out of nothing, the wake of all of human kind's mistakes made better here. Our advancement undoes the sins of the past.

> Keep dreaming. > :>Gravel Pit 3.1.3.2.2.1:>
> Wake up. Get a drink. > :>Poly 3.1.3.2.2.2:>
> Talk to a ghost. > :>Vesper 3.1.3.2.2.3:>

::Poly 3.1.3.2.2.2::
You flash awake out of your dream in your cabin. The sun is gone now and the frogs are starting to sing their mating songs. Where is Rachel? The first thought you think before you remember. Too much has happened, too much time is passed. Details are blurry, no better than circumstance, and you've learned how to make them blurrier. You used to need company to throw them back, but you've learned better in age. Your shaking hands struggle with the whiskey to pour yourself a finger from the bottle. You count your blessings: you have thousands of memories to pop and explode and new ones are being made every day. You still have stories to tell yourself. The questions don't gnaw at yourself the way they used to. Rachel will be back soon enough. More friends are gone than you can count, but like the birds, something of them is still fluttering through the evening sky. They'll be leaving in a few weeks, but they'll be back next spring.  

> Listen for owls > :>Birds 3.1.3.2.2.2.1:>
> Listen for planes :>Sold 3.1.3.2.2.2.2:>

::Sold 3.1.3.2.2.2.2::
You're not tied here either. The plane ticket sits on your coffee table. The ground's never quite the same when you're looking down at it, no. You don't know what parts of you people will rememember. But you know you have to leave your grandkids something. The excitement of seeing them replaces the excitement you used to feel visiting places. Places are meaningless withouth the people. You're thankful you've made it this far, this long.

> Remember the folks who didn't make it. > :>Vespers 3.1.3.2.2.2.2.1:>
> Remember how you lasted this long. >Birds 3.1.3.2.2.2.2.2>

::Birds 3.1.3.2.2.2.2.2::
You don't look forward to the TSA bots who will scan your retinaes and take a blood sample. Somehow, even through their robotic visors, they still look down on you with superiority. How did beaurocracy win? Your cabin is one of the last places in the world where freedom still exists. You can't stand sitting next to another old white man, another demon who has been crippled but not beaten. You rarely succumb to their mandates and bullshit anymore, but it's inevitable. The gift of flight still coems at the cost. Before you quit the gentry, you faced it every day: the reports, the placating, the two-facedness. You want to broadcast, get out of there. The freedom is scary, but it's so much better to face fear on your own wings. 

> But freedom unravels > :>Vesper 3.1.3.2.2.2.2.2.1:>
> But industry corrupts > :>Gravel Pit 3.1.3.2.2.2.2.2.2:>

::Gravel Pit 3.1.3.2.2.2.2.2.2::
And with that, the inevitability of it all sits heavy on your eyes. A life of protest did little to change the cycles. Minor variations on a theme, ceaseless activity that so often resembles itself. There is a peace in the repition, but you had hoped to have changed more in what turned out to be the brief time you'd been alive. You hold the beauty and let the distaste go, a dirge punctuated by another repitition, a final repition. The moon has risen over the lake, and suddenly drawing breath is work. You see the gravel pit looming, rooted in so many other bodies. Your head goes light, you smell burning toast, bof fri fleu, and you're on the floor.

> ... > :>3.1.3.2.2.2.2.2.2.1 Vesper:>
It hurts so much, but so much less than you thought. You've been preparing for this moment your whole life, seen it coming like so many train rides down a tunnel you can't see the end to. At least you went out without a breathing mask, able to hold yourself up until you couldn't. End of the line, following in the footsteps of the hundreds you've known and billions you haven't who have ridden to the end of the line. Time unfolds like a flat circle and you are lost in its ride. This is the end of the line. This is <Album Title>



::A Sloaks::
"Eventually, words fail us. They carried us far, gave shape and structure to a universe that maybe wouldn't be if we didn't have the words to describe it. But the need for words, the need for codified existence, I have to believe comes from an older place, the deepest yearnings of our bodies that drove us to mobilize and explain in the first place. If the stories bind the universe together, if life is the purpose for it, then we all must share some fundamental thread which understands and proliferates the understanding into the ether. Too long I've drifted, losing the drive that initially pushed me to crystalize things. For too long, I feared crystalization, feared the heat death of the universe. But If my memory is to be a crystal structure in the decay, I'll be damned if my branch is half formed." 
So said the fool to himself, under his breath, darting eyes away from contact. "You won't get my message so easily. I won't get it so easily either." He dodged in and out of tree trunks, smiling a knowing smile. If someone stopped to ask him what he was so smug about, he'd lock his spine up straight, and say "an accumulation of sense and sensibility I've been working on my whole life. To articulate, you'd need a lifetime, buddy." 
Without people, he'd be lost. The only grip on reality he has left is finding patterns from the people he'd known. Not that he could place who he picked what up from. Like a true artificer, the knowledge built on itself. If the information is important, pack it away separate from the source. 
The spanish moss overtakes the tree, a trellis canopy that holds you in tight. You walk.